The Joe Rogan experience. Russell Simmons, he lives in like,
where does he live in like Bali or Indonesia or something like that.
He was doing, uh, an Instagram live and he's doing it.
Cross-legged with like, uh,
some crazy yoga Shaw over his knees and. And like,
it looked like an Ash rom and he's like, he's,
he's basically talking like a Yogi in an astroid, this guy,
the head of Def jam. Yeah. And he got one like really, really into yoga.
And now he lives in some country somewhere. And just does yoga.
Let's do an Instagram live talking to people like, like a, like a guru.
Yeah. I ain't going to go.
That hard. I'm not either.
I'll do a, I'll do a yo I.
Mean, I kind of do my own version of yoga. Just that I've learned.
Do you do a little yoga? I stretch all the time. Yeah. I have to. Cause I, I,
uh, you know, you just get to a certain age if you don't. I mean, you know,
I love stretching. Yeah. You kind of got to do all that. So anyway.
Enough of that, you ever took a yoga class. Yeah.
Like hot yoga you ever do that? I, I.
Almost, I just felt like I couldn't breathe. Yeah. And I remember too, also,
like my back was up. That's why I went to the class and the,
like the position she started out with there was the twisting was happening too
quickly. So I kinda just went down to the mat and I was doing all the thing.
And the teacher got like all freaked out by it really she's like, come on,
you know, let's try to stay with the class.
You can't be like busting out all these different offices.
And I just started laughing where I was just thinking like,
this is all supposed to be about listening to your body. And you're literally,
you're like the oil man in here trying to control.
This is your own little economy. And just the fact that I you're walking around,
like you got it all figured out, you got 99% of people here,
all doing what the you say?
And one guy goes down to his mat because his back is up and you
process it. Like I'm with your authority in a yoga class.
So with my broad brush, I said, hot yoga.
That's hilarious. Yeah.
You just like everything else. You know, some of them you're going to enjoy.
Some of them are going to be really good at it.
And some of them are going to know the out of you.
What annoys the out of me is when they start giving you motivational advice and
telling you how to live your life,
you've got to learn to let go of things like for me,
and then tell some personal story. And so yeah, what I got out of that and like,
Jesus Christ, can we move on here? I didn't come here to hear your first grade.
I used to go to this Munchery psychology, great.
Class. It was a great class, but the dude he had,
it was awesome. I like, I was after a while I would go,
I was just psychologically this guy down.
And something happened to him at a Gold's gym.
I don't know what happened to him.
Like he just was forever making fun of muscle heads.
And I was thinking, you know, cause I've had the hybrid thing going on.
Like I love, you know, I up my shoulder. I loved lifting weights.
I love going to the gym and all that. And I liked the energy in a gym,
you know, I liked it. And um, the old school ones, right.
When the guys used to walk around with the towels, tucked into their, you know,
that and he was forever on it.
And then another thing that he would do with, he would, uh,
also somehow steer it toward like a subtle comment about lovemaking and the way
to, and he was putting out like his vibe that he was good in bed.
Oh, that's a yoga guy move. Oh, you know, and.
He had the little pony tail and. It was, no, it was like a will feral character.
It was funny as this, like, this is like,
it was like a real lifelike feral.
Like, uh, like just really just like,
I know everything kind of vibe.
It wasn't, he wasn't as bad as that, but it was just, yeah, it was funny though.
And I used to sit there.
Uh, yeah, this was like this dude in New York. I remember it was hilarious.
And what was hilarious was I was bad at yoga. If there's that,
you're not supposed to even say that if you're doing it, man, you just,
you know, wherever your body's at is where you're supposed to be. Right.
And I just remember when he would walk around the class and he would adjust
people, he'd always skip me and then adjust some hot chick who.
Was way more flexible. And it's just like, really I'm doing it right.
As I'm sitting over here, for some reason I never needed an adjustment.
And it was like the nineties.
So you can get away with this.
There was a lot of adjusting like this almost cupping, a and like, yeah,
on the hips and stuff. Yeah. Hey God bless him. He's like a pied Piper.
You got all these hot chicks in there and he'd get them all stretched out before
he bagged up. And it worked. So I couldn't hate on him for that,
but it was I to get through the class. Cause I've,
I've such add. I was just,
there was like a comedy show going on within it, like, you know,
like house and then like a couple buddies thought you got to go, you know,
we'll do like a, you know, like a bet when he's going to.
How many times he's going to on the gym? Um, what does he say?
Um, what would he say he would talk about,
he would talk about the muscle heads coming in there and they had no
flexibility and you know, and how, uh,
everything was all like overdeveloped, but you know,
he w we'd always been doing some up a pose or something and he goes,
this works on your, so as like what machine.
In the gym.
You know, is there a, so as machine, you know, th I can't remember like,
it was a long time ago. And, um, at first it me off.
It's just like, well, I like doing curls. What's wrong.
And then it just became funny to me, specific.
Type of guy. That's like that.
I went to a yoga guy once used to sing in classes. He wound up like,
see, want to bang in this lady that was there.
Back in the day, he can't do it. Now. There was a lot of band back then.
This was like, uh, I guess this is late nineties, early two thousands maybe.
And he would sing in class and it was so cheap.
It was so disingenuous. Oh,
yo like he would do these like yoga songs and I was like, you are so gross.
I'm glad I wasn't.
The only one. No, but then miss for that.
There was, but there was some really, uh, good ones that I found.
I found out some really good ones.